Add RAJA::mask for RAJA::launch (#2009)
LLNL/RAJA: docs/sphinx/user_guide/tutorial/launch_basic.rst

   :start-after: // _device_loop_start
   :end-before: // _device_loop_end
   :language: C++

> When only one logical thread should execute a piece of work inside a launch

Author: ```suggestion
When only one logical thread should execute a piece of work inside a RAJA::launch
```

> loop, use ``RAJA::mask<threads_x>(ctx, ...)``. This keeps the intent explicit

Author: ```suggestion
kernel execution space, use ``RAJA::mask<threads_x>(ctx, ...)``. This keeps the intent explicit
```
